It might be pretty difficult to pay for your education if you're just
doing it out of your own pocket. One way is to suck the money from your
parents if they have that kind of cash. Another way is loans and
I'm doing the loan thing now and it's not so great. But it is an option,
especially if you have, like, a STEM related career where you
know you're going to make that money back in a fast way. If you have
a humanities job and you go to an expensive university, then you could
be paying that money back for a long time. So, maybe loans aren't
the best way to pay for your own education. The best way I recommend
is scholarships and scholarships, I've had a few scholarships myself
and they've been super great. You think of a few different lines
to write for their questions, it could be a page or two pages, maybe
something that you've done out in the community, maybe it's something
from your past that they recognizing you for and you get free money,
you get free cash and that's helped me out a lot. The first time
I went to Japan during education abroad, I got a scholarship and I
really needed that money and it came through. You can also join the
military like I did, I got fifty thousand dollars for joining the nuclear
field and that paid for all of my undergraduate and a little
bit of my master's course.